Peer Review (as of 6/6/19, time of review) 

The ReadMe
1- Yes, the ReadMe is the first document displayed. Yes, the ReadMe has a title (Microridge Curviness Analysis).
   Yes, the name and contact information of the author (Hannah Markovic) is provided and easily accessible.
2- Yes, the purpose of this project is provided. Hannah's main goal was to write a script that provided a "measure of curvature" of ridges found on larval zebrafish. This will be helpful in determining proper curvature of skin cells. --measure is misspelled, fifth sentence.
3- Yes, the program workflow is very easy to understand. It is divided into 3 sections, each detailed one main part of the Project
	Concatenate.sh: Merges files and organizes the new file by adding file names.
	Point_Simplifier.rmd: Utilizes multiple differnet packages to create a graph depicting data points (orange) along ridge location (green).
	Curveture_Math.rmd: Calculates slope and acceleration at each point on the ridge from the found data.
4- Yes, Hannah's dependencies are listed as requirements. There is no mention of Hoffman 2, and I believe it should be listed since the concatenation of data files occurs in shell.
5- Yes, there are brief instructions for running the program. Yes, the instructions makes sense, but I don't think they provide an ample amount of information. I would suggest adding a bit more instruction/detail to this section. Instead of suggesting to refer to the file, give a brief overview of the content of the files.
	***Maybe instead of placing the step-by-stepinstructions under "Vignette", place under the heading "Instructions" since there is an entire other txt file dedicated to the Vignette itself.  
6- Yes, this is listed under the Vignette section. 
7- Yes, the motivation (Aaron van Loon) and RStudio package decriptions (cran.r-package) are cited.

The Scripts
8- Yes, there is a directory that contains all of the program scripts. It is called "Scripts."
9- NA - Taken out of rubric requirements.

The Vignette
10- Yes, there is a directory called Vignette. It does include a test set, commands list, and the expected output (which in this case is a graph and table).
11- Since there were three procedural parts to this project, each was run separately. I was unable to run the concatenation script in shell because I could not determine the small data set to run. The bash script specified "Files_to_analyze" and "Concatenated_to_analyze.csv" but I could not determine if this corresponded to the "Points5.csv" or "Ridge5_test.csv" files in the Vignette. I would suggest more detailed instructions in running this script.
    The Curvature_Math.rmd ran smoothly in R and I was able to easily reproduct Hannah's results.
    I had difficulty running the Point_Simplifier.rmd due to the PairViz package. It required the installation of "graph" but I could not successfully load this package to complete the R commands and elicit an output.
12- Overall, I only was able to reproduce the expected output for the Curvature_Math.rmd portion of the project. I was unable to produce results at all for the other two portions of the project.

General
13- Be more descriptive in your instructions within the READMe.md file. Consider taking out the Vignette section within the README.md file and dedicating all of that information to the actual Vignette file.
